README.md, before:

# OpenLayers map marker (ver. 6)
OpenLayers map marker with popup. Create marker on double click. Map delivery area with polygon.

### Map file contains
  - Add image marker to map
  - Show map popup on click
  - Create marker on double click
  - Clear all layer markers on double click
  - Create map polygon from points array
  - Test delivery area with polygon
  - Search location from address (geolocation)
  
### Map marker, geolocation or on click
https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/map-marker-click.html
<img src="https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/img/map-marker-polygon-click.png" style="width: 100%;">

### Delivery area with polygon
Create, load or edit polygon sample. Load polygon in json format. Download polygon file. https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/map-polygon.html
<img src="https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/img/map-polygon.png" style="width: 100%;">

### Map multipe markers
Multiple markers with popups from array or database. https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/map-multiple-markers.html
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/master/img/map-marker-multi.png" style="width: 100%;">

Commit message:

OpenLayers map
OpenLayers map marker with popup. Create marker with geolocation or double click. Delivery area with polygon. Multiple markers with html popups. Animated markers.

README.md, after:

# OpenLayers map marker (ver. 6)
OpenLayers map marker with popup. Create marker with geolocation or double click. Delivery area with polygon. Multiple markers with html popups. Animated markers.

### Map file contains
  - Add image marker to map
  - Show map popup on click
  - Create marker on double click
  - Clear all layer markers on double click
  - Create map polygon from points array  
  - Create delivery area, export polygon
  - Test delivery area with polygon
  - Search location from address (geolocation)
  - Animate marker, marker highlight (ontop)
  - Animate marker popup
  - Multiple markers with popups from array or database
  
### Map marker, geolocation or on click
https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/map-marker-click.html
<img src="https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/img/map-marker-polygon-click.png" style="width: 100%;">

### Delivery area with polygon
Create, load or edit polygon sample. Load polygon in json format. Download polygon file. https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/map-polygon.html
<img src="https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/img/map-polygon.png" style="width: 100%;">

### Map multipe markers
Multiple markers with popups from array or database. https://github.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/blob/master/map-multiple-markers.html
<img src="https://raw.githubusercontent.com/moovspace/map-marker-openlayers/master/img/map-marker-multi.png" style="width: 100%;">
